Ah!
It's from South Africa.
Nannangong Night
Why is he here? Didn't he lose his memory?
Are you here to support the lady?
Brother Ye, you came to them
What is it worth to eat President Nangong?
This is to save Nian Nian
Changmei doesn't go
I want to take you away
Did you ask my opinion?
I took my granddaughter
Does it have nothing to do with President Nangong?
She's my wife.
Humph your wife
He is the one who never
It doesn't count at first glance
Isn't my wife An Yingying?
An Yingying is not
Is the leaf still not convinced?
Song Yeyi turned out to be Nangong Ye's wife
that
An Yingying is the fake president's wife
Oops, do you finally remember me?